well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about changes in leadership and how
sometimes they don't happen because we
just got a master class in that we
basically just have a spy novel unfold
here in Florida and Venezuela understand
this is a developing situation some of
the information that I'm about to say
may change as time goes on and more
information comes out however I think
I've got a good enough handle on it
to answer the burning question of
whether or not the US government was
involved in this if you have no idea
what I'm talking about right now it's
because it's buried in the news cycle
really in in normal circumstances this
would be front-page news this is a
business would be a big deal but it's
2020 and you know there's a lot going on
so it's kind of been buried rough story
line is that apparently a crew out of
Florida of course Florida silver corp
USA led by a guy named Goudreau
contracted with Venezuelan opposition
groups to politically realign that
country am i politically realign I mean
overthrow Alice Maduro it appears and
it's reported that some of their people
have been caught captured by the nacelle
and authorities
the question everybody wants to know is
is the US government in this I'm gonna
say no I'm the same no not because they
wouldn't they most certainly would in
fact they very well may have an
operation going on down there right now
with this goal but I don't think they
were involved in this one
they may have been aware of it and just
kind of turned a blind eye to it because
they didn't think it would amount to
anything and it now has amounted to an
international incident okay so the guy
running silver corp USA has apparently
made statements to the press about
what's going on go ahead and tell you
that's really rare it is not normal for
a contracting company to discuss an
ongoing event with the press that's
unusual in that reporting it was
disclosed that they had a two hundred
twelve million dollar contract of which
they apparently received $50,000 and
started working if you're not familiar
with the industry $50,000 is enough to
get a high-end security detail for a day
it is not enough to begin something this
significant on this scale some of the
photos released by Venezuelan
authorities also tend to back up the
idea that they were underfunded they
released some photos of their equipment
it it does not appear that they had a
lot of financial resources the US
government when they are dealing with
contractors they throw money at them you
will run out of everything before you
run out of money and they'll give T in
cash the general reason for the US
government to use outside people private
citizens not active-duty military not
intelligence people private citizens to
do something like this
is to maintain plausible deniability
because of that they are willing to pay
a premium okay that plausible
deniability also factors into some other
things generally when they contract with
people to do this kind of crazy stuff
something this secretive something this
outlandish they tend to hand those jobs
to companies that are very discreet they
may not have a website if they do have a
website it certainly doesn't say hey
Matt we're military contractors
it probably focuses on training and or
maybe even just a little blurb about
crisis mitigation something like that
the silver Corp USA website is pretty
descriptive about what they do and
describe some controversial services so
it's probably not affirm the US
government would contract with for this
type of stuff the other thing is
plausible deniability
right generally companies that are
handed these kind of contracts do not
have USA in their name the names are
normally very bland
they don't really even kind they don't
even reference anything remotely
untoward they're normally very very
bland very nondescript very innocent
names there are some exceptions to this
but normally they're huge companies that
have USA in the title or something like
that that take big public contracts and
them you know they have a second tier
that does the crazy secret stuff this
does not appear to be one of those
companies
all of that leads us to believe that
it's probably not government fact it
does not appear so the State Department
denial means nothing okay the fact that
they were underfunded does aside from
that in the in the apparent interview
and in the statements to the press
Goudreau said how many people they had
in Venezuela that is also really rare
really unusual very bizarre
generally speaking you do not want to
give up troop numbers there is a
possibility that he is attempting to
engage in disinformation and say oh we
only had X number of people in there you
caught them all and there's other people
trying to get away right now that's a
possibility but given everything else I
don't know how likely that is aside from
that he laid out the plan and said that
it was two primary objective was to get
Maduro and secure Caracas with a few
hundred people that's really ambitious
and then the secondary objective would
be to mount an insurgency I have a
filling him saying that is going to
haunt him the rest of his life because
he has people in custody right now I am
fairly certain that in Venezuela
mounting an insurgency against the
Venezuelan government is probably
illegal he very well may have given the
Venezuelan government everything that
they needed that was probably an unwise
statement the
this appears to be something that is
completely private a private affair
people that were maybe got in over their
heads looks like something that was
hatched on the fly and started moving
there maybe an ideological motivation in
it for him and his men the odds of a
contractor taking a job this significant
for what amounts to no pay
because $50,000 sounds like a lot but
when you're dividing it up amongst
people and you're talking about travel
expenses and you're talking about the
risk associated with something like this
that's nothing that is not even remotely
close to enough so there may be an
ideological motivation there that comes
into play I would suggest that this is
something she's probably gonna be made a
movie at some point in time because it
is that bizarre this is not the type of
thing that normally happens within this
industry there are already a few
contractors saying that they don't want
them to be called contractors they want
them to use another word that starts
with an M and that's a debate people can
have I would take this opportunity to
suggest that the United States should be
very hands-off with Venezuela if people
actually believe their rhetoric and
they're concerned about the welfare of
the Venezuelan people I would suggest
the best thing to do would be to stop
stifling their economy economy is all
over the world are in trouble right now
they don't need additional problems I
would also point out that Venezuelan
intelligence apparently knew everything
and to have that kind of sourcing in
that level of infiltration within a
dissident movement means you have a lot
of loyalty from the people you you don't
get that kind of information without
having a lot of sources without having a
lot of people who are on your side
and Venezuelan intelligence is actually
making jokes and some of these articles
about how they had to pay for some of
the meetings to take place like fund the
people meeting so they could find out
more information when a group is that
infiltrated it's not even a group
anymore it's not a dissonant movement
it's just a lightning rod I would
suggest that we stay hands-off I think
that the Venezuelan people can decide
for themselves what they want I don't
think this is the u.s. is business I
would suggest that this news story is
probably going to continue for a while
because there are a lot of things still
up in the air at the end of the day
there are US citizens and Venezuelan
custody and that could be used as a
flashpoint to provoke something that the
u.s. government has wanted to do for a
long time but we'll see how it plays out
anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night